**Part 1**

**Public Library Computer User**
This is threat assessment model for a computer user at a public library.  The library computers are open to all library card holders, but the user has to use their unique library card number and PIN to log in to their computer session.  When the user logs out of the computer, it *should* log them out of all sites, erase their history and cookies and remove any files they have saved locally.  This feature only works when the user remembers to log out. 

This user likely doesn't have a computer at home and is often unfamiliar with how technology works in general. This user also does not keep their password recovery information current and cannot recover their password via cell phone verification methods. This user may believe that library staff has the ability to interact with websites on a higher level and does not understand why staff cannot override Google (for instance) and get them into their account when they have forgotten their password. The user often leaves their computer unattended while they ask library staff for assistance.  When they create a password for a site, it only meets minimal security requirements and is a password they use for multiple sites. This user frequently writes down their passwords in order to remember them.  Library computers are also physically close together and offer little privacy for being either overheard or watched.  The library offers privacy screens that obscure the screen from people other than the user, but they are not frequently used.  This user is a target to criminals or opportunist near them that overhear their password or see their usernames and passwords written down.

This user would benefit from using a password manager.  They would only then have to remember one password or passphrase in order to access all of their accounts. A password manager could also benefit the user by helping them create more secure passwords that exceed the minimum site requirements. They should also keep their contact information current on websites, especially when they get a new phone number.  This user should also use a privacy screen and use the ‘hide my screen’ feature, requiring a PIN to resume use, when leaving their PC unattended.  This user would also benefit from a general education of how the Internet works and why the above suggestions are important for both ease of use and overall personal security.


**Part 2**